That's not possible.
Absolutely impossible
Aren't you just a waste who only gambles money?
So soon a hill became so rich
He is still the factory manager
Mr. Yi, I will take you to inspect the factory area.
Understand the situation
Then a reporter from the main station will interview you.
Then please check the post.
Wife, it's your birthday soon
This place
I bought it for your birthday
What is a ball that buys an entire factory?
Just to give his daughter-in-law a birthday present
This is too awesome
The best man in the world
I already said it looks good
You can't choose a bad man
I got it right
Stop talking nonsense here
You were the one who scolded people's mother the most before
Great husband
hate
In front of so many people, there is no real form
Then we will talk to Manager Liu
Let's take a tour of your place
Wait a minute
I just went crazy
They say I'm talking nonsense
Jiang Yan and I have always been good friends and sisters
We were just kidding
Do you think so?
Xiaoyan
Didn't you say before that people like me
Don't I deserve to be your sister?
I was just kidding you.
Hey, yes, yes, yes.
Mr. Yi, I was just kidding
In fact, you treat me like a fart
Let me go
Come on, master, I still like your kind of Jie just now.
Unruly look